# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE: February 21st, 2020**
* **ASSISTANTS: Mika Oja**

### 10 Minutes
We went trough our plans of the project with Mika.

### Action points

Mika said that the plan was okay. Only thing that we needed to do was change the  http request from put to post in API uses.


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*


## Meeting 2.
* **DATE: February 24th, 2020**
* **ASSISTANTS: Mika Oja**

### 20 Minutes
In this meeting we went trough our database design and implementation.

### Action points
In this meeting we got some feedback:
In the database we had to change birthdate and time to date from string. We had to change foreign keys that had set_null to include nullable = true. Also those columns that had ondelete = "SET NULL" we had to add 'nullable = True'. We also had to add a small piece of code, from excercise 1 to enable foreign keys for SQLite in our code.


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*


## Meeting 3.
* **DATE: March 18, 2020**
* **ASSISTANTS: Mika Oja**

### 20 Minutes
In this meeting we discussed about RESTful API design. The focus was on the design and on our own questions about the design and implementation.

### Action points
Meeting 3 notes and questions

In this meeting we discussed with Mika a lot about questions we had about design and implementation. Questions such as how game and games should be implemented.
In the meeting we reached to a following solution:
match should be transferred to  "api/games/game/match". Also what was discussed during this meeting was that we should implement two participants ("participant" and "participant2").

In addition to this discussion we had noticed during the meeting thigs such as that we had unnecesary items and that we should implement date with format rather than using a pattern, also
we had a sort by issue but this was a thing that was not required to fix.

### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*


## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:17.4.2020**
* **ASSISTANTS:Ivan Sanchez**

### 40 Minutes
In this meeting we talked about what was still needed to finish the project, main points were tests, commenting the code and what kind of client we could do.

### Action points
Things that we still needed to do on this project were to fix a diagram in the wiki page, get the testing for the api done.
A big thing that we were still missing was documenting the code with comments.
Another thing we wanted to know was that what kind of client we were supposed to do and wanted to know if a command line client was good enough, and it was.
We also had some mistakes in our code, we tried to create model table multiple times at tests, did imports to resource init_py multiple times.

We asked to move on to the final deadline version, instead of the 6 deliverables, Ivan told us to try to get the tests done and we could have a meeting
the next week so we wouldn't have to move on to the final deliverable version. In the end we did move to the final deliverable version.

### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*


## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:-**
* **ASSISTANTS:-**

### 0 Minutes
We didn't participate in a midterm meeting

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Final meeting
* **DATE: 14.5.2020**
* **ASSISTANTS: Mika Oja**

### Minutes
The project demo was given to Mika and the project was graded. The grade was so close to 5 that we agreed on doing a bit of extra work to gain the needed points.

### Action points
- Documentation amount in the API code should be increased
- In client code the numbers should be changed to descriptive strings for easier reading


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

